MkvDrama.net
♪The human heart hatches schemes, stuck fast in the mire♪
♪In the Judge's ledger, the accounts are settled♪
♪Reckon the human face and the beastly deed. Count the debts of injustice♪
♪Walking the dark path, pleading for moonlight♪
♪The pitiful suffer, while the privileged command respect♪
♪Pluck one hair, and the stench of sin runs through the skin♪
♪Scoundrels have a form, while ghostly lies are intangible♪
♪Looking inward brings no answer. Ask Heaven for mercy♪
♪The book of sins is presented, proof of guilt recorded chapter after chapter♪
♪Grant mercy, and ruin follows♪
♪An inescapable net is cast. Look up in all four directions♪
♪Retribution will follow♪
♪Tigers, leopards, and wolves. Darkness laid bare♪
♪Your mercy only serves to share the loot♪
♪In the ledger of good and evil, words unfurl without end♪
♪Heaven's way tolerates no wrongful judgment♪
♪The book of sins is presented, proof of guilt recorded chapter after chapter♪
♪Grant mercy, and ruin follows♪
♪An inescapable net is cast. Look up in all four directions♪
♪Retribution will follow♪
♪Tigers, leopards, and wolves. Darkness laid bare♪
♪Your mercy only serves to share the loot♪
♪In the ledger of good and evil, words unfurl without end♪
♪Heaven's way tolerates no wrongful judgment♪
[Adapted from a Shuqi.com novel]
[Original Author: Senlin Lu]
[Unveil: Jadewind]
[Episode 34]
Whatever kind of person I am,
that's what the Prince of Duan's daughter is.
You don't get to judge.
Today,
I'll purge the traitor for Prince of Duan!
What a loyal subordinate,
to murder his lord's sole surviving daughter.
Would you
have his line end with me?
I shouldn't have trusted you.
To think you would
give up your title as the county princess
to seek revenge with me.
I have been
way too foolish.
You are indeed foolish.
On the day I hosted the banquet to kill the Right Chancellor,
the Imperial Guards surrounded my mansion.
Did you truly believe
your safe escape
was solely the work of your patron?
After that, the murders in the palace
and the nursery rhyme in the Western Capital...
You charged ahead,
while he schemed in the shadows.
You thought
he was plotting the great cause with you,
but have you ever wondered
why he chose you, of all people?
Because we both wanted Cui Minzhong dead,
and I
happened to be the sharpest blade he could wield.
With such formidable power,
what kind of blade couldn't he find?
It's only because I chose you.
He only valued
your status as my father's former subordinate.
If the plan succeeds,
you will be eliminated
because you know too much.
If it fails,
you will be the perfect scapegoat.
Do not fabricate lies out of thin air.
Haven't you realized
that he has abandoned you?
Do you think assassinating Consort Shu
is some act of righteousness?
It is just the perfect way
to pin all the blame
on you.
Would he care about my grievance over the loss
or your suffering from injustice?
It's nothing but a chess game to take down the Cui family.
On the chessboard,
everyone is a pawn.
I can't kill Consort Shu,
nor can I bear to kill you.
As long as he remains,
revenge can still be achieved.
Then why don't we make a bet?
He must have promised
to escort you out
once the job is done.
Then let's see
who he sends.
Someone to help you escape,
or the Imperial Guards for your arrest.
If you win,
I will let you go
and stop standing in the way of your revenge.
And if I win...
What do you want?
I will surely win.
Prepare the prize.
Now, we shall see.
We heard Consort Shu was attacked
and came as soon as possible.
The General of the Imperial Guards has come in person?
Consort Shu went to rest,
and there was no assassin.
Just a petty thief.
I already caught him.
So don't worry.
You caught him?
Where is he?
We can take him into custody.
It's too late.
That man was bold enough
to cause trouble in Consort Shu's palace.
I've cut him into pieces right away
and fed him to the dogs.
Your Ladyship, please stop teasing me.
We are here on orders.
We must do our job and take him back with us.
In that case,
it is tricky.
I don't want to make things hard for you.
How about this?
Take me back.
I will explain to him.
What...
And it will be my chance to see
whose orders you are following.
Please forgive us.
We merely heard
there was an assassin in Consort Shu's palace
and came to protect Her Highness
and Your Ladyship.
Her Highness is fine,
and so am I.
The petty thief is dead.
What else concerns you?
We still need to
see the body to be certain.
Didn't you hear me?
I fed him to the dogs.
Do you want me to cut the dogs open
to reassure you?
I dare not.
Rest assured, Your Ladyship.
Tonight,
we shall guard outside
and stay alert.
The Right Chancellor has just fallen,
and someone is here to surround Consort Shu's palace.
How swiftly the times change.
But Consort Shu
is His Majesty's consort, after all.
Whose power
are you trying to usurp?
We dare not, Your Ladyship.
We were merely overanxious out of concern.
We didn't mean to displease you.
We will leave right away.
Our regards to Her Highness.
What's wrong?
You know him?
Just two days ago, we were allies.
But today, he wants me dead.
Fine.
Kill me if you want.
My life is yours.
I don't want your life.
But I can help you
seek vengeance.
Your Ladyship.
The mastermind wants him dead.
Keep him safe
at the Palace Investigation Bureau.
Make sure he confesses
to all his crimes.
Understood.
Did you suspect that I'd hurt Consort Shu?
I was sure you had a plan.
Then why are you upset?
Boss.
You've been planning for so long.
Will you finally be able to take revenge?
It might
happen soon.
Then I'm happy.
Go check on Mr. Xiao.
He's been waiting for you.
Considering his slight frame,
he may fall ill again
if he waits any longer.
You've had
a hard day, Mr. Xiao.
I'm sorry I made you suffer.
It's alright.
I shouldn't have
involved you in this.
I'm very glad
that you involved me.
I knew
you would understand.
I didn't believe that you would hurt Consort Shu
with Chen Luo
just for revenge.
The fingertip blade you left me
showed that you hoped I could
escape and help you.
The only one you ever wanted revenge against
was the Right Chancellor.
I had to add fuel to the fire
to force him
into your chess game.
No one understands me
as you do.
But there's one thing
I don't understand.
What?
The fireworks.
How did you pull it off?
I distracted my opponent
and used his plan against him.
I caused a commotion
at my mansion.
It lured the Right Chancellor
and those who'd long been watching him.
So,
someone seized upon
mine and Chen Luo's desire for vengeance
to carry out his own scheme.
While Chen Luo held back from me,
I was quietly investigating
what he was doing.
Before the Grand Festival,
you realized
he was preparing fireworks.
Instead of stopping him,
I turned his plan to my advantage.
I changed the phoenix solo dance
into the "Dragon and Phoenix in Blissful Harmony".
Pretty, wasn't it?
Yes.
♪Wandering clouds of every season♪
What fate joins our necks
as mandarin ducks,
soaring together,
wing to wing?
Since His Majesty is at ease,
I can rest my mind.
♪Break the spell. And know love is the...♪
Thank you for trusting me.
Thank you
for trusting me, too.
[Cui's Manor]
There you are.
Sorry for the wait.
What a festive attire.
What are we celebrating?
It's the 15th day of the first month.
The Lantern Festival.
If I remember correctly,
you never celebrate the Lantern Festival.
This is an exception.
You brought your sword?
As always.
Are you here
to kill me?
Yes.
Does His Majesty know?
Does Consort Shu know?
Cui Minzhong, the disgraced official,
accept the decree.
A few days away from court,
and you've forgotten your manners?
Accept the decree on your knees.
I, Cui Minzhong, the sinned official,
accept the decree.
By thorough investigation,
it has been found
that for many years, the Right Chancellor Cui Minzhong
has sold offices and bartered ranks,
formed cliques for selfish ends,
and framed the loyal ministers
to eliminate dissent.
Sixteen years ago, he forged an imperial decree
and murdered the entire household of Prince of Duan.
To conceal his crimes,
he relentlessly pursued
and harmed the royal descendants.
Now, with his crimes exposed,
to stay alive,
he has resorted to vile sorcery,
slaughtered the innocent,
cursed the nation's fate,
and plotted rebellion.
His accumulated evils
are too numerous to record.
He is hereby
granted death.
Let those in charge carry it out.
I'm wronged.
Li Peiyi.
You set me up.
This talk of vile sorcery
is a baseless accusation!
You...
I'm sure you have received
countless rewards
over the decade, Right Chancellor.
Were you so overjoyed by the death sentence
that you forgot all propriety?
Show your gratitude.
I-I must see His Majesty.
I must see Consort Shu.
Do not think that this imperial decree
allows you to distort the truth.
I never harbored rebellious intent.
You and Xiao Huaijin
conspired to frame me.
I did everything out of self-defense.
I have been here,
copying sutras in repentance,
confined in reflection.
His Majesty
will forgive me.
His Majesty won't kill me.
I've done so much for His Majesty.
He can't kill me.
You have committed countless evil deeds.
The retribution
is now before you.
Are you finally scared?
Am I scared?
Of what?
Why would I be scared
of a young maiden like you?
Your father lost to me.
So will you.
I only regret one thing.
I shouldn't have asked Consort Shu to raise you
and allowed you to be a threat.
I really enjoy
your whole act of bluffing
and the empty threats.
When you were rising high,
basking in His Majesty's favor,
your hands were drenched in blood,
yet you paid no price.
But you've lost His Majesty's favor,
[Death]
I bet you didn't expect
that death comes on a breath.
I must see His Majesty.
Without his imperial decree,
no one shall lay a finger on me.
What do you intend
to tell His Majesty?
The injustice you suffered?
Your bitterness and grievances?
Thanks to you,
I've tasted all of that, over and over again.
When you stole justice from me,
His Majesty didn't intervene.
What makes you think
you deserve justice for yourself?
When you stood above all others,
looking down on everyone,
did you ever feel sorry for my late parents?
Did you ever feel sorry for me?
No, you didn't.
You believed that those who oppose you
shall perish,
and we brought it all upon ourselves.
You killed so many people
without a shred of remorse.
It's your turn now.
Why are you so terrified?
Did you think
you'd live forever?
Did you think you could take lives
and never pay with your own?
You can't kill me.
Why can't I kill you?
You ordered the water-clock apprentice
to slow our water clock.
You made my father miss his appointment,
disturbing His Majesty.
When His Majesty ordered you
to bring my father,
you forged an imperial decree
and slaughtered everyone.
Fortunately, my father had handed in his command tally,
proving his loyalty.
Seeing that your plan failed,
you killed the eunuch sent from the palace
and made up a lie about my father going mad,
resisting arrest,
and slaughtering everyone.
He left me no choice.
The Prince of Duan left me no choice.
I kept reaching out in goodwill,
but he met me with opposition at every turn.
If I didn't kill him,
sooner or later,
he would kill me.
Military men
kill with swords and blades.
Civil officials
kill with their minds.
Both are killers.
There is no noble or base.
The victor becomes king, the vanquished a bandit. That's all.
What could a mere woman like you
know of the power struggles
and the stratagems?
When your men threw me into the Moonlit Pond,
I was only eight years old.
You violated even the Five Constant Virtues.
A civil official?
You are nothing but a vicious, treacherous minister,
a power-grasping in-law of the royal clan who abuses his power.
So you knew all along.
You've spent all these years
scheming with such effort
just to kill me.
If you hadn't inherited your father's stubbornness
and had learned to read the tides and adapt,
we
wouldn't end up in mutual ruin.
You were raised under my sister's care.
We could have been close
like family.
And you've come to force my hand, too.
Li Peiyi.
How dare you hurt me?
Don't you dare mention
Consort Shu or my father.
I can't die.
I won't die.
I must see His Majesty.
I must...
[One Supreme Talent Suffices]
As the daughter of Prince of Duan,
I can't kill you.
Because I must abide by the law of the Great Tang.
As an Inner Guard,
I can't kill you.
Because the stability of the court must be preserved.
I sought justice
within the rules,
only to find you
standing above them.
You grew reckless in your triumph,
thinking I couldn't do anything to you.
You thought the court relied on you,
and His Majesty favored you.
You thought no one dared to cross you.
Then I shall make the court fear you,
and His Majesty despise you.
You thought you sat secure in your high position,
basking in His Majesty's favor.
Then I shall give His Majesty
a reason to kill you.
You thought
you stood above the rules of this world?
Then I will turn your rules against you
and kill you with them.
♪I see the truth, sharp as a blade♪
♪I read the books of sin stained with blood♪
♪What wise words do you offer?♪
♪I will leave no hiding place for darkness♪
♪And illuminate this glorious age♪
♪Justice is my sword, piercing through the fog of mystery♪
♪Let stars and moon shine through the dark night♪
♪One day, the sky will turn clear♪
You handled this matter well.
A reward is due.
But any reward from me
might be ill-fitting.
So just tell me
what you want.
Your Majesty,
whatever you grant Her Ladyship will be appreciated.
It lacks novelty for Her Ladyship
to demand something.
We await Your Majesty's decree.
Li Peiyi.
I decree
that you shall oversee the Palace Investigation Bureau.
What do you say?
I am unruly by nature
and unworthy
of such a responsibility.
Is it that you are unworthy
or that you are unwilling?
Did you really think of it
as a tool for your private investigations?
You want to quit now?
I only
feel ashamed.
Even if I uncover the truth,
I'm rarely allowed to bring it to light.
I investigate cases and hold trials
by the laws,
only to find
that the laws
are nothing but tools of the royal clan.
The laws punish the multitude,
but not the royals.
Within the inner palace,
I no longer know how to conduct an investigation.
I beg Your Majesty's forgiveness.
I am truly unworthy of such responsibility.
Are you accusing me of bending the law for personal gain?
The entire realm is Your Majesty's private domain.
How can there be any "personal gain"?
Li Peiyi.
Do you truly believe
I'm unaware of your schemes?
I have tolerated you,
accommodated you,
and even allowed you to execute Cui Minzhong.
You are still displeased?
Your Majesty knew of Cui Minzhong's
countless, unforgivable crimes,
each deserving a thousand deaths.
Yet, you still chose to shield him.
Without your favoritism,
I wouldn't have waited until today
to seek justice for my family.
Do you wish to be reunited with your parents?
You have just cleared my father's name.
How could you execute his only surviving daughter?
Even if you feel no pity for me,
surely you care about your own reputation.
Get lost.
Get out of here.
Don't ever come back.
Get lost.
I lack the fortune
to deserve your grace.
But I will always be grateful to you
for raising me.
Your Highness.
You're leaving?
I always knew
this day would come.
You don't even ask where I'm going?
Wherever you wish to go
must be a place where you can find shelter
and peace of mind.
Your Highness.
Come with me.
This place
is suffocating.
This is my place of shelter.
But does it
bring you peace?
This is not a home.
How can it not be?
I am His Majesty's consort.
This is the home His Majesty gave me.
Always trying to read his mind,
always having to wear a smiling face...
That is not what a wife should do.
Favor and fall from grace can change in a single dawn.
That is not what a wife deserves.
Come with me.
I will take care of you.
With the edge of jade and the heart of orchids.
You have your own name.
You don't have to be Consort Shu.
You are Cui Yuyao.
Nobody has called me Yuyao for a long time.
You've done what you had to do.
But I haven't.
His Majesty needs a Consort Shu.
The Cui family needs a Consort Shu.
To ease His Majesty's anger
and preserve the Cui family,
I must stay here
to atone for my brother's sins.
But His Majesty and the Cui family
never truly cared about you.
Why must you live for them?
Peiyi, I am not like you.
I do not know
for whom to live
if not for His Majesty
or the Cui family.
I lost "me" a long time ago.
All that's left is "Consort Shu".
Don't worry.
I will live well.
You must also
live well.
[Virtue Shining, Ever-Progressing]
What do you have to say?
Are you also resigning?
Yes.
I handed in my resignation days ago.
I'm grateful for your appreciation.
I now take my leave.
Get out of here
with Li Peiyi.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Li Peiyi.
Xiao...
Xiao Huaijin, how dare you!
You've grown some nerves.
Your Ladyship.
Mr. Xiao.
There are people around.
Mind your words and conduct.
Mind our words and conduct.
- Your Ladyship. - Mind our words and conduct.
You must not jest with me.
Who is Mr. Xiao?
- His Majesty will criticize me. - Who's Your Ladyship?
Who's Your Ladyship?
Please stop.
Please.
Mind your conduct.
What...
Bravo.
Last night,
I had the same dream again.
I was in the dark
with only a faint glimmer of light in the distance.
Why are you taking my rabbit lantern?
Father?
Mother?
The Lantern Festival is over.
So we're taking the lanterns off.
That's right.
The Lantern Festival is over.
The Lantern Festival is over?
Father and Mother told me
that the Lantern Festival
is over.
It's been hard on you.
You've waited
16 years for this day.
But dawn always comes.
I will stay with you
on this day every year
until dawn.
♪Facing the wind, I let memory scatter my dreams♪
♪Why unseal the loneliness the stars have hidden?♪
♪The wind for a brush, the stars for ink♪
♪Etching a starry promise♪
♪You will remember my face for eternity♪
To Boss.
One more time.
Sit.
The case of the Imperial Food Service
is yours.
Really?
Thanks, Boss.
Who could be craving
the frozen delicacy in this deep winter?
I searched everywhere for it.
Well, of course...
It's the boss who wants it.
There you go.
Thanks, Boss.
Lan'er.
How many pots is this now?
You're going to burn
all my monthly stipend.
Martial arts are hard to learn.
So is medicine.
Fine, let's go
for fried sweet-dough pockets.
Really?
Let's go out of the palace.
Your Highness.
It's the Lantern Festival again.
I hope everything is fine
over there.
I caught you.
Don't run.
- Don't run. - Stop there.
Wuren.
It's freezing out here.
Come with us
for some nice tavern food.
Don't worry.
They're playing dice.
They won't notice.
A dragon!
There's a snake!
Look at that.
So beautiful.
That one.
Great music.
Excellent.
Nice.
- Nice. - Nice.
- Bravo. - Bravo.
Brilliant.
- One more. - One more.
I finally saw her.
♪North winds danced on the strings. Spring water flowed beneath my fingertips♪
Jin Niang.
What brings you here?
It's the Lantern Festival.
I just made this.
Try some.
Alright.
Let me try them.
Is it good?
Climb the tree?
I don't know how.
Slow down, kids.
Take it easy.
Yi'en.
Have you recited today's texts?
Mother.
It's a festival today.
Please stop quizzing me.
Let me perform a sword dance for you instead.
Go ahead.
Why did you come here?
Don't tell me you covet my beauty.
You are so skilled at painting eyebrows.
Could you do ours too?
Alright.
Though none of you can compare to my looks,
painting my own brows every day does grow dull.
A hundred beauties, a hundred brows.
Let me do yours.
[The End]
♪Gazing at the moon from a distant terrace♪
♪The dreams are weighed down by suspicions♪
♪The injustice in the world remains unrighted♪
♪Yet all I do is kick up a cloud of dust♪
♪The verdict sounds like thunder in my ears♪
♪I see the truth, sharp as a blade♪
♪I read the books of sin stained with blood♪
♪What wise words do you offer?♪
♪This journey will take me to uncover buried truth♪
♪And dive into deep waters for the reflection of the moon♪
♪I swear to bring back a peaceful world♪
♪And eliminate all evil♪
♪I will leave no hiding place for darkness♪
♪And illuminate this glorious age♪
♪Justice is my sword, piercing through the fog of mystery♪
♪Let stars and moon shine through the dark night♪
♪The verdict sounds like thunder in my ears♪
♪I see the truth, sharp as a blade♪
♪I read the books of sin stained with blood♪
♪What wise words do you offer?♪
♪I will leave no hiding place for darkness♪
♪And illuminate this glorious age♪
♪Justice is my sword, piercing through the fog of mystery♪
♪Let stars and moon shine through the dark night♪
♪One day, the sky will turn clear♪
Your Highness.
How did His Majesty decide?
Chen Luo confessed to all charges.
Cui Minzhong is dead.
Consort Shu is going
to pray in seclusion when spring arrives.
What about Li Peiyi and Xiao Huaijin?
They both resigned
and left the Western Capital today.
They left?
But they know
far too much.
Kill them all.
Spare no one.
Yes, Your Highness.